---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-01-11T21:33:10.000Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-11T21:29:40.048Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-11-91cf3601-4e07-4b39-8f60-77c3eb7bf297.md
published: true
url: 91cf3601-4e07-4b39-8f60-77c3eb7bf297/index.html
_type: Article

---
Web Design
undefined

Whether you are a B2B company or a service 
provider to end consumers - chances are that your potential customers 
use the internet for finding your product and service offerings. No 
matter what your needs are - creating a website from scratch, giving 
your existing website a facelift or optimizing it for search engines 
(SEO) - I am looking forward to discuss your project with you, 
develop a concept according to your needs and realize the project 
surpassing your expectations. I also assist you with domain 
registration, domain transfer and selection of your hosting provider.   
**My services include:**

* Customized Web site design or re-design
* [Multilingual Webdesign (focussing on European languages)][0]
* [CMS Sites][1]
* Ongoing site maintenance & support 
* Web marketing & site promotion, Pay per Click (PPC)
* e-Commerce - integration of shopping carts
* cooperation with marketing and design agencies to realize multi language sites

**How I work:**  
_Project Definition: _  
Just call or email me, and we'll get started! I listen to your 
requirements and concerns, discuss your project goals with you; and 
propose a solution that fits both your needs and your budget.   
_Project Realization: _  
Within just a few days you'll start to see progress through e.g.
first layout mock ups, drawings, site maps, etc. I'll keep you 
constantly informed on the project status and get your feedback and 
approval.   
_Project Promotion:_  
"Do good things and talk about it" -- your website is no good if no 
one knows about it. I assist with website promotion, search engine 
"pay-per-click" campaigns and other type of advertising, 
permission-based Email campaigns and newsletter designs and mail 
outs.... Whatever it takes to put the word out there.
undefined

[0]: http://reach-mcs.com/multilingualwebdesign.html
[1]: http://reach-mcs.com/CMSsites.html